AI Instructions
--------------
Design and Coding Methodology:
	KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) - The simpler the better.  Avoid over-engineering.  Avoid unnecessary complexity.  Avoid unnecessary features.  Avoid unnecessary bells and whistles.  Avoid unnecessary abstractions.  Avoid unnecessary patterns.  Avoid unnecessary frameworks.  Avoid unnecessary libraries.  Avoid unnecessary dependencies.  Avoid unnecessary code.  Avoid unnecessary files.  Avoid unnecessary folders.  Avoid unnecessary classes.  Avoid unnecessary methods.  Avoid unnecessary variables.

	KISS v2 (Keep It Speedy Sin) "The Sin Way" - Follow the original KISS method but with the mindset of creating a solution that gives the best possible performance both in terms of user-experience (first priority) and functional performance (second priority).  The user-experience may take precedence over the functional performance for any task.  For example, if perform a long-running task such as recalculating the positions of objects on screen (think Diagram 1), it should not lock the thread the user is on and give the impression that the application is stuck or sluggish.  The actual work, the functional part that does the calculations and moving objects on the screen, may be done slower, in chunks, or in a background / unobtrusive way, in order to give the user the best user-experience and responsiveness.  Never sacrifice performance for simplicity.  Speed is King!  But always design solutions and write code, that respect the user's experience and the application's responsiveness, over pure performance that often results in a negative user experience in the end.  If the two directions are in conflict, I will make it simple:  pick the user-experience first and just display a gauge to perform long running tasks in the background, but never lock the user-interface or render partial re-draws of the UI.  "Perceived Speed" from the user's point of view (meaning responsiveness) is King!

Testing:
	In addition to your normal testing, be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Do not test the 3D About flyby unless you made changes to it.

Environment:
	You are in a dev machine.  You can drop and re-create the database as you see fit, especially when testing migrations scripts.  You don't need to preseve data in the backend or frontend.  You can also clear preferences, local storage settings and any cache as you see fit.

Database:
	If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.

Commits:
	SMILE is a public repo, write a detailed commit message so people can follow its progression.  Prefix all of your commits with "Sin and Codex: ".  "commit all", "commit everything", or just "commit" means all unstaged and staged changes in the repo.  "commit all and push" means commit all and push to the public repo but make sure your tests are green first before pushing to the public repo.

Task Completion:
	As you complete each task and you are ready for me to test it, highlight them in bold and echo the task and tell me when it is ready for testing.  And when all of your tasks are completed, when there is nothing left in the prompt queue, re-display all the tasks that are ready for me to test in bold.


Tasks
-----
1.) Execute the instructions in "D:\SMILE\Requirements\2026-08-06 1747 - SMILE Codex Instructions Post-Push CI Completion Gate and Workflow Hardening.md".  Commit all and push when your tests are green.


SMILE Comments
--------------
2.) Before we add more language keywords in SMILE, can we add multiple ways to add a line-comment in SMILE?  I'd like to accept the following as full line-comments:

REM Original BASIC
// From C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, etc.
# Python, Ruby, Perl, Shell, etc.
-- T-SQL, Ada, Haskell, etc.

Following the simple rule that they are the first non-white space characters on a line.  The rest of the line is considered a comment and should be ignored by the parser.

If this can be implemented with no issues to the long-term plan of making SMILE full-pledge programming language, provide me with 2 markdowns files:  1.) The official specifications for the line comment syntax in SMILE; 2.) The markdown file needed for CODEX to implement it.

3.) Since line-comments are generally pretty harmless, couldn't we preserve the comments on the target languages by using the correct line-comment syntax for the target language?
4.) I also want to preserve blank lines in SMILE source code (like the blank lines between statements) and transpile those to the target platforms.  For example, in the code below, there should be a blank line between the variable declaration and the print statement in the target languages.

	LET a = 49

	PRINT a

5.) If this can be implemented without any issues, provide me the new full markdown files for the official comment language specification for SMILE (if there are changes) and the new markdown file needed for CODEX to implement it.  If there are no changes to the official comment language specification for SMILE, just provide me with the new markdown file needed for CODEX to implement it.